feat: Update README.md (#14)
kellerkinderDE/pipeline-image: README.md

As a default for the legacy images (without explicit node tag), node in version `14` is used.

#### Note

> - When working with node 18, you have to set NPM_CONFIG_ENGINE_STRICT to 'false' in build-js jobs (drirectly in .gitlab-ci.yaml):

Reviewer: I guess it's not specifically about node 18, but rather if you're dependant on an older NPM version. So maybe something like this:

```suggestion
If your package.json requires a specific NPM version, you may have to set NPM_CONFIG_ENGINE_STRICT to 'false'  to get NodeJS to ignore that. Usually (e.g. with Shopware) it should still work flawlessly.
```

What do you think @Gregoraz ?
